Fixed not ligthing the sequencer "Save" button after Ins or Del a combination https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/2024 (#2036)
GrandOrgue/grandorgue: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixed not ligthing the sequencer "Save" button after Ins or Del a combination https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the sequencer "Save file" button not lightening after inserting or deleting a combination https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/2024
```

Author: Fixed
